Fixing Exploits
Writing an exploit from scratch
can be difficult and time-consuming.
But it can be equally difficult
and time-consuming
to find a public exploit that fits
our exact needs during an engagement.
One great compromise
is to modify a public exploit to suit
our specific needs.
There are challenges with
this solution, however.
In the case of memory corruption
exploits like buffer overflows,
we may need to modify basic target
parameters such as the socket information,
return address, payload, and offsets.
Because of this, we should always
read the exploit code carefully,
modify it as needed
and test it against our own
sandboxed target whenever possible.
Additionally, exploits that are coded to
run on a particular operating system
and architecture may need to be
ported to a different platform.
In this module, we will overcome
many of these challenges
as we walk through the steps required
to modify public exploit code
to fit a specific attack
platform and target.
We will explore both memory
corruption exploits and web exploits.